# Architecture

Only themes and plugins are contained in this package. All WordPress core files are ignored.

## WordPress Multisite

The NYC Council site is a [network](https://codex.wordpress.org/Create_A_Network) of sites. The primary site is for basic Council pages — such as the home page, the About page, and the Initiative page. Each of the 51 Council Districts and each Council Division (Legislation, Budget, Land Use, Press) is its own site.

## Themes

There are several themes included in this package. The primary site should use the `wp-nycc` theme. All other themes are [child themes](https://codex.wordpress.org/Child_Themes) of the `wp-nycc` parent theme. Each District site should use the `wp-nycc-district` child theme. And each Division site should use its specific `wp-nycc-[division]` child theme.

## Foundation for Sites

The New York City Council website uses [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/), a responsive and accessible front-end framework. The `wp-nycc` theme is based on [andycochran/wp-foundation-sites](https://github.com/andycochran/wp-foundation-sites), a bare-bones WordPress theme built with Foundation.

### Editing Themes

Making changes to this package requires NPM, Bower, and Gulp.

* `cd wp-nycc/`
* Run `npm install` to get `node_modules`
* Run `bower install` to get `bower_components`
* Run `gulp` to compile the CSS & JavaScript
* Run `gulp watch` to watch for changes to `.sass` and `.js` files

### Styles

The styles for all themes are in the `wp-nycc` parent theme. The child themes do not include any styles.

* **Do not** edit the files in `wp-nycc/assets/css/` — they're generated by Gulp
* Add your custom styles to `wp-nycc/assets/scss/app.scss`
* Change the Foundation variables in `wp-nycc/assets/scss/_settings.scss`
* Choose which Foundation component styles you want in `wp-nycc/assets/scss/foundation.scss`

### JavaScript

The scripts for all themes are in the `wp-nycc` parent theme. The child themes do not include any JavaScript.

* **Do not** edit the files in `wp-nycc/assets/js/` — they're generated by Gulp
* Add/edit your custom JavaScript files in `wp-nycc/assets/js/scripts/`
* All .js files in `wp-nycc/assets/js/scripts/` will concatenate to `wp-nycc/assets/js/scripts.js` and `wp-nycc/assets/js/scripts.min.js`

### Upgrading

When upgrading to a newer version of Foundation, make sure `wp-nycc/assets/scss/_settings.scss` uses `@import '../../bower_components/foundation-sites/scss/util/util';` not `@import 'util/util';`.
